Improve strand BBE (#5288)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution: examples/strands/strands.md

By default, named workers are multitasked cooperatively, not preemptively. Each named worker has a "strand" (logical thread of control) and execution switches between strands only at specific "yield" points such as doing a wait or when a library function invokes a system call that would block.

> This avoids users' need to lock variables accessed from multiple named workers.

Author: We can remove the `An annotation can be used to make a strand run on a separate thread.` part since the `@strand` annotation is deprecated right?

> This avoids users' need to lock variables accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer: +1 to have it like before.
``` suggestion
This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.
```

> This avoids users' need to lock variables accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer 2: > We can remove the `An annotation can be used to make a strand run on a separate thread.` part since the `@strand` annotation is deprecated right?

Yes.

> This avoids users' need to lock variables accessed from multiple named workers.

Author: Restored with https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-distribution/pull/5288/commits/bf13bc42e02c52975d2e5d4b0d974911f76726bd

> This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This avoids users' need to lock variables accessed from multiple named workers.
```

> This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer 2: @warunalakshitha @HindujaB

> This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer 4: I think we can remove whole sentence here. Do not need to mention on locks. If we need, we need to mention isolated concepts which already have separate BBEs.

> This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.

Reviewer: +1 as mentioning `lock` can be out of context in this BBE.

> This avoids the need for users to lock variables that are accessed from multiple named workers.

Author: Removed the line as per the suggestions.
